# Fiction Fabricator

Yet another project that uses OpenAI's API to produce long-form content, in this case a full fictional novel (with the option of adult themes and scenes if you so choose such).

## Why I Wrote This

The other options that exist either did not allow for interventiuon in the process to edit things the AI is messing up or were python notebooks (which are fine and awesome things to use for AI demonstrations) but I wanted to run this app locally with my terminal and without jumping through any more hoops than I have to.

## GPT4Free Support

This project was built to handle the openai API so that other people with money to burn at those obnoxious prices can freely do so if they desire and because that API is something of an industry standard. `But I am totally broke and cannot afford that!` So I have included an extra line of code in the `src/openaiconnection.py` file so that the API calls actually go through gpt4free instead.

In fact, the model I am using is not available via openai's API because the mainline GPTs are too fickle about jailbreaking to use effectively for more adult themes that sell as Amazon kindle books like hotcakes compared to boring discussions of systems thinking or 20 page essays about narcissistic injury and narcissistic rage. I wonder why...

> NOTE
> Yes you can use other APIs to access the model I am using, including for free but I was attempting to conform to the industry standard library for ease of use for those in the future that find themselves here.

## Features

- Only 1 variable value (premise) needs to be entered by the user, everything else can be generated by the AI from that premise.
- Features a function that rewrites the generated text, as second pass seems to improve things immensely
- Ability to interject and change values, edit generated text and overall high degree of control for automated book writing
- Cool ASCII art
- Jailbroken to enable the generation of novels with adult themes (this can be more than merely sexual, maybe not American Psycho but even Moby Dick would generate policy warnings from OpenAI and Meta's offerings as they are).
-
